hello as youtube a review of samsung
6 58 30 years and short violence when
closed the procedure applications
it's very simple basically with this
we achieve is that the telephone work
little bit faster because if we have
many applications working in the
background that are consuming process
they are building memory and they make
telecom our slowest
the procedure is very simple but
he invited them again to subscribe to me
channel if they have not done it here police and
are watching the following video that
I will teach you how to force application is
one thing develops applications and others
force closure as there are applications
that has been one closes with this
procedure that they will do with some
active processes and that's why we have to make an effort
social the procedure is very simple
let's give a saying and button the center
here we can see the applications that
we have recently used and that
they are consuming resources and are
activated for example let's keep in mind
those who are here quickly and to
close the two machines we give
they want task manager
immediately here we can see the
applications that are active tells me
that I have three active applications that
they are consuming ram and they are
consuming soon cpu in this case this
is consuming ram and so I want
stop it just by clicking on the
I want to have a job and click in order
and that way I close it what is not
activating more if you wanted to make them behind
very finite in that way is already closed
these applications we are going to return
let's click again here in the
and they see starting center again for
the task manager of the
active applications if left
definitely eliminate them completely
it can also be ram type and I give
delete memory and that way it tells me
here will be eight applications that
they're working in the background and that
way since I already have more slowly in
I have a little bit that can run a
a little bit faster in the case that there is not
help to open a heavier application
for example a game or something like that in your
method for this video thank you very much for
watch the video if they are pending
next video in which they come
how to force the applications to close
of applications so force
there are some that let us be very
easily so play hard
close thank you very much for the video